---
---

# CRT Transportation Committee Meeting

1/24/2017 @ 6:30 pm
Cabbagetown Community Center

Attending: Shaun, Paul, Natalyn Archibong, Greg Guiffrida, Chrissy, Richard, Mary Sellers (volunteers to take notes in the future), Chris, Katherine Dirga
Unable to attend: Lisa
Thanks to Richard for pizza!

Agenda:
1. Transportation Framework Plan (TFP)
2. Transportation Mission Statement
3. Survey to gather information
4. Outreach to projects that intersect the neighbourhood
5. Charrette planning (bill as a facilitated workshop)

1. Transportation Framework Plan (TFP)
Scope: Cemetery to Moreland everything N of I-20.

Natalyn Archibong: Will provide
- committment to the $10K, Mary heard up to $12K.
- Work product: Seeking the pre-existing plans from the previous studies. Shaun has fragments of the previous plan. The City should have it (Public Works, Daniel Effram).
- Hired company will be sure that the final product is compliant with the city's needs.
- We assume June 30 fiscal year deadline for legislation to appropriate funds.
- It's needful and long overdue
KD: Access to City folks. CC Archibong on emails to alert her staff when communicating with city.

Protocol to request funds via Natalyn Archibong:
NA will ask for legislation, use a city vendor or have the vendor processed.
Pay direct from city to vendor in phases. Money held in public works.
Retainer + Benchmarks for each payment.

Vendor for Transportation Framework Plan:
Have one quote in hand.
Vendor options for competitive bid: TSW, URS (bigger) other firms to contact to help generate an TFP, Greg will send some names, with caveat that many companies are booked with similar projects.
Next step - Ask vendor for deliverables timeline

Connecting with Renoldstown and Grant Park Neighbourhood Associations and/or their Transportation committees:
GPNA Transportation 2/2 7 pm - need a resident to float the proposal motion. Chrissy not available, so will connect Greg with Shana Wood, or another T-town neighbour
work with Greg to connect with R-town

2. Transportation Mission Statement
Cmte makes a DRAFT and seek comments and additions (marked as DRAFT) with CNIA approval
Serves as basis for study.

Draft ideas:
In CRT walk/bike safely connecting into and out of neighbourhood: King/Memorial, fully ADA compliant sidewalks

Additional resources/considerations:
Check C-Town Historic District info for restrictions around transportation zoning


3. Survey to gather information
Flyer to Advertise Survey and upcoming Charrette
Outline:
- Changes coming to neighbourhood, projects ongoing on
- Neighbourhood values
- We are planning for a Neighbourhood workshop to talk about these things.
- Please take survey and come to facilitated workshop to see and discuss results.


Survey Design (brief discussion):
Rank things of importance to you, provide comments field. Items to rank include:
sidewalks, bike racks, traffic, resident parking
Include intersecting projects like beltline, Imagine Memorial, DeKalb Ave)

Survey distribution:
Nextdoor, Webmasters, Businesses on Carroll Street, Flyer in the mailbox


4. Outreach to projects that intersect the neighbourhood
Step 2: outreach to groups that have impact on the neighbourhood:
Renew Atlanta - Complete Streets for DeKalb Ave
Renew Atlanta - Complete Streets for Boulevard
- Low funding, so we'll need to pressure for some of those funds to come down south
- Includes Woodward bike/ped crossing at the southern end.
Imagine Memorial
Involve Tom Aderhold (Developer) Cotton Mill and The Stacks
burgeoning Carroll Street Business owners Association



Volunteers
Mary S.: volunteered husband Nic Zagorski (Berean) (Finance expertise) to help with this project
Mary S.: willing to design e-flyer and printable, and will seek a printing volunteer. KD also suggested approaching the C-town Neighbour printer.

Other updates:
Berean Street - submitted request for study (66 day wait period). NA's staff will start checking around day 50.

Timeline:

Design survey
Advertise survey
Run survey
Provide this info to vendor
Charrette



Next Steps:
SH will draft and create a google doc with deadline for edits.
